---
Layout: 
Title: "State"
Date: "2020-11-27"
---

## Manage state locally first

First, in the render() method, have the component render an input element, button element, and ul element. 
When the input element changes, it should trigger a handle change() method. Also, the input element should render the value of the input that's in the component's state. The button element should trigger a submitMessage()
 method when it's clicked.

Second, write these two methods. The handle change() method should update the input with what the user is typing. The submit message() method should concatenate the current message (stored in input) to the 
messages array in local state and clear the value of the input.

Finally, use the ul to map over the array of messages and render it to the screen as a list of li elements.

## Solution

class DisplayMessages extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
    this.state = {
      input: '',
      messages: []
    }
  }
  // add handleChange() and submitMessage() methods here
  handleChange(event){
    this.setState({
      input: event.target.value,
      messages: this.state.messages
    })
  }

  submitMessage(){
    this.setState({
      input: '',
      messages: [...this.state.messages, this.state.input]
    })
  }

  render() {
    return (
      <div>
        <h2>Type in a new Message:</h2>
        { /* render an input, button, and ul here */ }
        <input onChange={this.handleChange.bind(this)} value={this.state.input}/>
        <button onClick={this.submitMessage.bind(this)}>Submit</button>
        <ul>
          {this.state.messages.map((x, i)=>{
            return <li key={i}>{x}</li>
          })}
        </ul>
        { /* change code above this line */ }
      </div>
    );
  }
};


## Description

## You only need on-Beginner

You will be given an array and a value x. All you need to do is check whether the provided array contains the value.

An array can contain numbers or strings. X can be either.

Return true if the array contains the value, false if not.



## Answer

const check = (a,x) => a.includes(x);
