---
Layout: post
Title: My Monday
Date: 2021-07-26
---

## Introduction

My day was great, I was busy with projects that they gave us. I was also busy with free code camp I was forcing on API and microservices too much because they are something I have missed out so I had to go back because I want to muster it very well.

## Body

First of all, we need a Schema. Each schema maps to a MongoDB collection. It defines the shape of the documents within that collection. Schemas are building blocks for Models. They can be nested to create complex models, but in this case, we'll keep things simple. A model allows you to create instances of your objects, called documents.

Replit is a real server, and in real servers, the interactions with the database happen in handler functions. These functions are executed when some event happens (e.g. someone hits an endpoint on your API). We’ll follow the same approach in these exercises. The done() function is a callback that tells us that we can proceed after completing an asynchronous operation such as inserting, searching, updating, or deleting. It's following the Node convention, and should be called as done(null, data) on success, or done(err) on error.

Example:

const someFunc = function(done) {
//... do something (risky) ...
if (error) return done(error);
done(null, result);
};

## Conclusion

What I have learned today is that in computer programming, Create, Read, Update, and Delete (CRUD) are the four basic operations of persistent storage. CRUD is also sometimes used to describe user interface conventions that facilitate viewing, searching, and changing information using computer-based forms and reports.
