---
Layout: post
Title: Bind
Date: 2021-03-08
---

# Introduction

## What bind means?

The verb bind means to tie, secure, or fasten as with string or rope. When you put a Christmas tree on the top of your car, you need to bind it with twine to make sure it stays there while you drive. The past tense of bind is "bound." To bind is also to create an emotional attachment.

The bind() method takes an object as a first argument and creates a new function. When the function has invoked the value of this in the function body will be the object which was passed in as an argument in the bind() function.

# Body

## Bind

Both call and apply are one-time use methods—if you call the method with this context it will have it, but the original function will remain unchanged.

Sometimes, you might need to use a method over and over with this context of another object, and in that case, you could use the bind method to create a brand new function with an explicitly bound this.

- const braveNewWorldSummary = summary.bind(book)

- braveNewWorldSummary()

## Why bind is used in react?

bind(something) returns a new function, in which references to this will refer to something. This is a way of saving the current value of this, which is in scope during the call to the constructor so that it can be used later when the function is called.

## Why do we bind?

When we bind this of the event handler to the component instance in the constructor, we can pass it as a callback without worrying about it losing its context. Arrow functions are exempt from this behavior because they use lexical binding which automatically binds them to the scope they are defined in.

## What is the Bind method in JavaScript?

The bind() method creates a new function that, when called, has this keyword set to the provided value, with a given sequence of arguments preceding any provided when the new function is called.

## How do you bind a function in react hooks?

bind in the constructor has another useful property of creating the functions once during the entire lifecycle of the component and a new callback wasn't created in every call of render(). To do only initialize the callback once using React hooks, you would use a callback.

## How do you bind events in react?

## The best way to bind event handlers in React

- Dynamic binding in render() The first case commonly used is calling .bind(this) in the render() function. ...
- Bind in the constructor() An old-school way is to do the binding in the constructor. ...
- Bind with the Arrow Function. ...
- Dynamic binding with the Arrow Function for multiple elements. ...
- Conclusion.

# Conclusion

In conclusion, I learned about this in JavaScript, and the many different values it might have based on implicit runtime binding, and explicit binding through bind, call and apply. I also learned about how the lack of this binding in arrow functions can be used to refer to a different context. With this knowledge, I should be able to determine the value of this in your programs.

Predict the value of this in JavaScript is a trick. The language has some rules to explain how the context is assigned to this, but on the daily basis, we want to make this value predictable. The Function.prototype.bind() method and arrow functions help us to make the value of this predictable. The bind operator comes to play to cover the two use cases that we still need to explicitly bind.

The advent of the bind operator opens an opportunity to create a new set of function compositions via virtual methods, but it can add a syntax overload making it difficult to onboard newcomers to the language.
