---
Layout: post
Title: Dispatching action
Date: 2021-02-23
---

# Introduction

## What is Redux?

Redux is a predictable state container designed to help you write JavaScript apps
that behave consistently across client, server, and native environments and are easy to test.

With Redux, the state of your application is kept in a store, and each component can access
any state that it needs from this store.

# Body

## When to use Redux

Lately one of the biggest debates in the frontend world has been about Redux.
Not long after its release, Redux became one of the hottest topics of discussion.
Many favored it while others pointed out issues.

Redux allows you to manage your app’s state in a single place and keep changes in your app more predictable and traceable. It makes it easier to reason about changes occurring in your app. But all of these benefits come with tradeoffs and constraints. One might
feel it adds up boilerplate code, making simple things a little overwhelming; but that
depends upon the architecture decisions.

## How Redux works

The way Redux works is simple. There is a central store that holds the entire state of the application. Each component can access the stored state without having to send
down props from one component to another.

There are three building parts: actions, store, and reducers. Let’s briefly discuss what each of them does. This is important because they help you understand the benefits of Redux and how it’s to be used. We’ll be implementing a similar example to the login
the component above but this time in Redux.

## Actions in Redux

Simply put, actions are events. They are the only way you can send data from your application to your Redux store. The data can be from user interactions, API calls,
or even form submissions.

# Conclusion

We have discussed the major features of Redux and why Redux is beneficial to your app.
While Redux has its benefits, that does not mean you should go about adding Redux in all of your apps. Your application might still work well without Redux.
