---
Layout: post
Title: My day
Date: 2021-05-11
---

## Introduction

I will share what I was doing today during the day and the changes that I faced while I was busy with free code camp (How to Use package.json, the Core of Any Node.js Project, or npm Package.
)

## Body

Today I was busy with a free code camp under the topic says "Managing packages with NPM". So I am still busy with the first change under managing packages with NPM. This topic is very tricky for me. I had to watch a tutorial. What I have learned from that tutorial is that I have to install npm and I have to check if I have I have Node.js installed, run this command in a terminal by using.

While I was watching the tutorial I came across the other word that says "Heroku" and I didn't know what is Heroku, because it was my first time seeing this word.

## What is npm?

npm makes it easy for JavaScript developers to share and reuse code and makes it easy to update the code that you’re sharing, so you can build amazing things.

## What is Heroku?

Heroku is a platform as a service (PaaS) that enables developers to build, run, and operate applications entirely in the cloud.

## What is Heroku Used For?

The Heroku cloud service platform is based on a managed container (called dynos within the Heroku paradigm) system. It has integrated data services and a powerful ecosystem for deploying and running modern applications.

## Conclusion

In conclusion my I have learned many things today and I am not done yet with this change. Tomorrow I will continue until I get it right. I have to put more effort into this topic because I can see is more challenging.
