---
Layout: post
Title: Express
Date: 2021-03-12
---

# Introduction

In the morning I was stressed when Moral told us that we will be writing a test at 10 o'clock because I wasn't expecting any test. But then the test wasn't that bad. After 12 o'clock I was checking express. Where do we use to express and how do express works.

# Body

## First question

In GitHub, write a javascript program that given an array; x = [2,3,5] will multiply the items (2x3x5) of the array and return the answer; [Submit a link to GitHub repository] \*

## My answer

- var numbers = [2, 3, 5];
- var multiplied = [];
- for (var i = 0; i < numbers.length; i++) {
  - multiplied.push(numbers[i] _ 2 _ 3 \* 5);
- }
- console.log(multiplied);

I think I made a mistake I wasn't supported to multiplied each number by 2,3,5 and I was support to have one answer, not three answers. But I will see on Monday when they give us a solution.

I think I was support to do it like this.

### Look below:

- var numbers = [5, 3, 5];
- var multiplied = numbers[0];
- for (var i = 0; i < numbers.length - 1; i++) {
- multiplied = multiplied \* numbers[i + 1];
- }
- console.log(multiplied);

## What is Express?

Express is the most popular Node.js framework because it requires minimal setup to start an application or an API and is fast, and unopinionated at the same time. In other words, it does not enforces its own philosophy that an application or API should be built in a specific way, unlike Rails and Django. Its flexibility can be calculated by the number of npm modules available which makes it pluggable at the same time. If you have basic knowledge of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript and how Node.js works in general, in no time you will be able to get started with Express.

## Why use Express?

Before we start with the mechanism of using Express as the backend framework, let us first explore why we should consider it using or the reasons for its popularity.

# Conclution

Express is the most popular Node.JS framework to handle multiple different HTTP requests at a specific URL. Furthermore, it’s minimal, open-source, and flexible which aids the developer to invest less effort and time into developing even better websites and apps.
